Document getting a deployment by url (#1273)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/api/v2/api-docs-mdx/endpoints/deployments.mdx

### Get a Single Deployment

<Endpoint>
  GET /v9/now/deployments/:id
  <br />

>   GET /v9/now/deployments/get?url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  GET /v9/now/deployments/get?url=[deployment URL]
```

Author: @msweeneydev Should it be `[deployment URL or alias]` instead?

Reviewer: Good point @anatrajkovska, given there's two options, I think that's a better idea.

</Endpoint>

> This endpoint allows you to retrieve information for a deployment either by supplying its `id` in the URL or the `url` query parameter which can be either the URL of the deployment or its alias.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint allows you to retrieve information for a deployment either by supplying its `id` in the URL or the `url` query parameter. The `url` query parameter can be either the URL of the deployment or an alias attached to it.
```
